Hello and welcome back to the python program of course.
How did you go.
We're experimenting.
After a brief tutorial Did you have a chance to play around with the joint Plaut and specify different
types of kinds or experiment with the variables.
I hope you had a chance to do that and were able to kind of let that knowledge sink in.
I bought the joint plot.
Today we're going to continue and we're going to look at histograms.
So first thing I'm going to zoom back into the chart or into Jupiter so we can see it better.
And to make some space and actually going to remove the header and toolbar.
OK.
So let's proceed with today's story.
So first thing I'm going to change this to marker or mark up by clicking M and then add a line here
.
And so today we're talking about Instagram.
All right.
So something that we already know about histograms So let's say I already know this method by the way
today is going to be a very quick tutorial so we're just going to refresh on histograms before we proceed
further in the section.
So and one we already know this approach to Seagram's we know that you can say just Plaut movies Daut
audience rating.
Let's run that.
There you go see you can see we've just created a histogram very quickly and even got to the probability
density function.
So if I specify Binz I can say I am less bin's I might say 15 or more bins.
So you can specify less or more if you like.
Therefore it will look a bit different but the essence stays the same.
And another one that we can create is let's just take this and say to critic orating.
So this the same thing but apply to cricket.
So I want to show you another way of creating this distribution and this is a Throop Pipelet.
Now seaborne is kind of like an upgrade on top of Pi Porto's and I don't.
On top of Pi plot in terms of packaging because it does use the same functions in people are just packages
in a lot of convenient things like for instance it adds this probability density function it adds the
grid it makes the colors look good.
So let's have a look at what the sin distribution would look like with fanciable.
We've just Pipelet would say one equals P.L. T Dot HST or hit high SD Hills movies.
Audience rating so if you press tab then it all out complete for you and Binns equals 15.
So if I run that you can see that's what the distribution would have looked like before.
SEABORNE So if I up that's a ridge that's the seaborne one.
That's the pipeline one as you can see the seaborne even changed the x axis limits from minus 20 to
120 and that's why it looks a bit smaller or further away in Pipelet that doesn't happen.
And one more thing is you can actually still see the grid this grid is created by Seaborn and if not
for Seaborn this child would have looked quite different it would have not had the grid.
It's just kind of like a styling thing that Seaborn does so if if you want to see the original then
we're going to just do this we're going to say as soon as dots at style and here is a white.
So this is somewhat what the original would look like.
It would still look a bit different but this is more what's the Pipelet version of that chart looks
like.
And now we're going to do the same thing for Kritik creating and notice that the grid didn't appear
here as well.
That's because the styling that you set is set for the package or for your instance of this bison that
you're running so from now on even if you're on three or on this charts if you're on that you'll see
that it doesn't have the grid anymore.
So if you want to return the grid you'll have to add a different function here sells dark dark grids
on that you'll see that the grid is back.
So they write this down.
These are quite useful if you want to change the styling they've got dark grid you've got white You've
got quite a few options.
We're actually running a bit ahead of ourselves.
We'll talk about styling further down in the section of the course but it's a good intro anyway so why
did we create these two charts what's so special about them.
Well this is an interesting observation and not just interesting in terms of because these are indeed
quite ordinary installations.
They don't have anything complicated about them unlike the ones that were created previously.
But what you will find is that they are quite interesting in terms of what they're saying.
So here you've got the audience rating and you've got the credit rating.
So the audience rating it's funny to see but it is normally it looks like it's normal distributor well
and more or less so it's normally distributed so you can see that you've got the middle somewhere around
maybe 50 or 60 percent ages and then it drops off both ways looks like a Belka rights if you look at
this shape here you'll see that it does indeed look like an Bilker where as a critic creating it is
actually not normally distributed see even though this has the tails and the left or right if you look
at this version or here you can see that it's more kind of uniformly distributed so it's got this average
line or the line going.
The horizontal line going through here.
So some with some of the ratings are above.
So some of the ratings come more often frequently and those are lower ratings.
And but at the same time more or less is uniform here is uniform here so critics unlike audience they
behave in a different way so they have certain criteria how they market the movie and that's why this
behavior isn't normally distributed.
So it's got some rules behind it whereas when you've got just emotional type of behavior which is the
audience which is normal human psychology that is all very often distributed normally.
So it's interesting to observe how this dataset actually backs that concept that when something is natural
when you just your impression about a movie and then you and you just post aerating and you have thousands
and thousands and thousands of people posting the ratings just based on their natural intuition.
You've got you've got a normal distribution.
When critics come into play when they're using certain criteria to judge movies when they're looking
at lighting when they're looking at sound effects when they're looking at the Plaut and they have some
rules according to which a judge then the normal distribution is lost.
Personally I find that very interesting.
And this is something that I would definitely recommend conveying to the audience including in the report
.
So here I would say chart 2 and Hirose chart 3.
So very very fascinating findings like that.
Always interesting to see theories or hypotheses backed by actual data that we work with.
So there we go.
That's how we create histograms as just a quick refresher.
And we got two more charts as you can see that was very quick we've already gotten three charts.
And also we saw some very interesting phenomenon being a phenomenon confirming than normal distribution
and the uniform distribution.
So hopefully you enjoyed that.
And I look forward to seeing you on the next material.
Until then happy.